---
title: 'Blog Post number 1'
date: 2012-08-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

This is a sample blog post. Lorem ipsum I can't remember the rest of lorem ipsum and don't have an internet connection right now. Testing testing testing this blog post. Blog posts are cool.

Headings are cool
======

Purpose of Research Proposal
======
The goal of the grant proposal is to present a coherent, and carefully thought-out plan for a project that will address an important need that aligns with the funding agency's priorities. The proposal will be evaluated by scientific reviewers who should gain a clear understanding of the importance of the project, your plan for addressing the problem, and why you/your team are best equipped to successfully undertake the project. 

It is important to remember that the reviewer's specialty may differ from that of the research topic, and that reviewers will not fund a study they do not understand. Therefore, the research proposal should be understandable by a general scientific audience, and you should aim to make things as simple, explicit, and concrete as possible. The proposal should also be highly readable. Don't make reviewers work to understand your project. 

Consider the following general points to improve clarity and readability:
*	Leave nothing open to interpretation. Be direct and explicit in labeling the purpose of a sentence or section. Examples: 
  +	'This project is innovative because.'
  +	'The long-term goal of this project is..'
  +	'We are a multidisciplinary team spanning cardiologists, pathologists, epidemiologists and statisticians, with the expertise to undertake the proposed research because.'
	Use bolded, underlined, or italicized text (in moderation) to highlight key phrases to make them easy to find. Phases such as "long-term goal", "objective", "specific aims", "innovative".
*	Be mindful of the visual appearance of the proposal and ensure that it is not overcrowded. White space and page or section breaks are important to consider.  
*	Don't use a lot of acronyms or jargon 
*	Avoid using clichés (e.g. state-of-the-art equipment) and colloquialisms - assume reviewers may not be primarily English speaking or from Canada. 
